###### tags: `Technical Committee`

# Technical Committee Meetings 2023

[![HackMD documents](https://hackmd.io/badge.svg)](https://hackmd.io/sL9z7MGwSCOGSCXeY27mFg)

## Quick links

* [Logistics](#logistics)
* [Agenda and Notes](#agenda-and-notes)
    * [2023-01-12 Meeting](#January-12-2023)

## Logistics

* **When:** 13:00 - 14:00 CET, every even week on Thursdays
* **Where:** [Microsoft Teams Meeting](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_OTc1NDIzNTUtYzJiMy00OThiLTkwZDUtYTdkODVhOGNjYzI3%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2292e84ceb-fbfd-47ab-be52-080c6b87953f%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%2249725723-aa8c-4dcf-b9d0-b974e8a25702%22%7d)
* **Meeting Agenda and Minutes:** https://hackmd.io/sL9z7MGwSCOGSCXeY27mFg
* **Community Repo:** https://github.com/eiffel-community/community

## Agenda and Notes

Please do not update the meeting agenda and notes directly on GitHub and instead use the document on [HackMD.io](https://hackmd.io/sL9z7MGwSCOGSCXeY27mFg) in order to prevent notes getting out of sync.

### Next

* June 2023: Elect security officers - https://github.com/eiffel-community/community/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md#security-officers
    * This should be covered by a post-election checklist.

### January 11, 2023

#### Participants

* TC Attendees
    * Emil Bäckmark, present / not present
    * Magnus Bäck, present / not present
    * Mattias Linnér, present / not present
    * Tobias Persson, present / not present

#### Agenda and Notes

* Rollcall, All
* Approval of Previous Minutes, All
* Agenda Bashing, All
* Action Item Review, All
* Updates from CDF sig-events, Emil & Mattias
* Reasoning about events as being in the traceability dimension or the activity dimension; should we document this and how?
* [Common branching strategy?](https://github.com/eiffel-community/community/issues/150)
* PRs and issues

#### Action Items
* Tobias: Fatih to get Tobias and Mattias in touch with Nordix for Kubernetes cluster installation
    * [Fatih] Still pending unfortunately. Will come back to this as soon as I get some time.
    * Update 2021-08-12: Question sent to Fatih but no reply yet.
    * Update 2021-09-09: Future communication to be done directly with Nordix via their mailing list.
    * Update 2021-10-07: Cluster running, access control situation unclear.
    * Update 2021-10-21: Tobias and Mattias have SSH access to one of the hosts but we don't appear to have k8s access.
    * Update 2022-01-27: Probably simple to fix, Tobias to ping Robert at Nordix.
    * Update 2022-02-17: Tobias has pinged Robert. Waiting for response.
    * Update 2022-09-29: Robert has promised to fix the problem this month.
    * Update 2022-11-03: Emil and Mattias will talk to Nordix.
    * Update 2022-11-17: New Nordix contact established.
    * Update 2022-12-01: We now have access to a k8s cluster via a jumphost. No inbound access from the internet though.
* TC: Add all TC members to all existing Eiffel Google groups
    * **Update 2022-12-12:** With what role? See also https://github.com/eiffel-community/community/pull/155
* TC: Look into proposal made in the maintainer role presentation from the 2021 summit.
* Magnus: Collect feedback from the Python Podcast.\_\_init\_\_ interview to see if there are concrete steps we can take to improve how things are presented or explained.
* Magnus: Go through current action list and suggest which should be migrated to issues in the community repo.
* Magnus: Announce podcast episode on LinkedIn.
* TC: Investigate if we can obtain legal assistance from Software Center.
* Emil: Send invite for separate meeting to discuss event linking vs. CDevents.
    * **Update 2022-12-12:** https://www.when2meet.com/?17987352-Gk4R3
* ~~Emil: Update Jan 19 community meeting invite to state the topic. On the Jan 12 TC meeting we'll decide which issues to actually talk about.~~
* ~~Magnus: Follow [checklist](https://github.com/eiffel-community/community/blob/master/howtos/introduction-of-a-new-tc-member.md) to revert authorities for Azeem.~~
* Emil: Create a project board for the protocol to handle priorities for the protocol issues. Readable by all in the community and writeable by protocol maintainers.
